Transcription for Interview 10

1) Interviewer; 2) Interviewee #1 3) Interviewee #2

1) So thank you again, [Interviewee #1] and [Interviewee #2], to participating in today's interview. And I'd like to give you the opportunity to briefly present you and your position, what brought you to [firm] and maybe also to sketch already a bit, what is [firm's] approach to biodiversity? 

2) All right, I think I'll start then. So my name is [Interviewee #1]. I am currently project manager, biodiversity, Northwest Europe. But what's in a name, right? I started out in 2021, with the biodiversity program with [firm], where we basically started from scratch, based on a long history with quarries and, and nature. But then in 21, we set up the biodiversity program where we were involving the whole, the whole of [firm]. I am with [firm], so from 21. But before that, I worked one year with the environmental services - for [firm] Belgium, where I was helping with obtaining permits for quarries for production sites, audit reports, everything to do with the environmental part of, of the business. Went abroad, came back to Belgium, because I currently live in Belgium. And I was looking for a new job. And I had such a good experience with [firm] Belgium. So I jumped to the chance of working with [firm] again, and especially because of the biodiversity program that I was that I was able to build from scratch together with [direct supervisor], who is our direct supervisor. [Colleague] sadly left the company as well. So yeah, I think that is my story. I have background in bioengineering, specifically forest production. Actually, so I'm actually a forest engineer. But now more into the [product] and other [firm] business. 

3) Should I? All right. So I'm [Interviewee #2]. I - my background is as a biologist, more specifically as an ecologist. I joined [firm] two years ago, end of 2021. And I joined directly at the for the biodiversity project. In the beginning, my focus was to gather all the data that was necessary for the project, meaning where our locations were or production sites, but also all of our quarries, all of other properties that we are not in the moment using, and gathering all this information in GIS or this geographic information system. So in the beginning, my focus was mostly supporting the project in this regard. And from last year, I mean, for this year, I joined specifically with the biodiversity action plans, which is more the focus of our biodiversity program, like I mentioned in the beginning, the history of [firm] with biodiversity is more related to the quarries and the renaturation of them. But with the biodiversity program, we brought a new focus, which was to our urban locations, meaning to our production sites. And the goal that we had for this year that we are achieving now was to have a biodiversity action plan for each of these urban locations. So this consists of visiting the sites and doing elaborating a plan. So for this year, I was also responsible for that. And on the sides to gathering some data and creating this GIS system for the project that actually will be useful for other projects and other parts of the company. So yeah, I think that's basically it. 

1) Thank you very much to both of you for the introduction. And maybe this would be a good moment to clarify what are the voluntary biodiversity and ecosystem projects [firm] supports? 

2) Well, what [Interviewee #2] now said is, and what you mentioned in the beginning, the in the quarries, we have a long history of where we won't need to renature because the end of life destination is known beforehand. And we have little to say in that in those destinations. Sometimes we trade parcels and do stuff like that to be able to start the quarry. But then if we have to give it back to nature, there are some rules and principles that we need to follow. However, we're still trying to do more than what we're legally obliged to do. We try to be as inclusive as possible within the whole ecology, the surroundings, we like to include as much as possible the surrounding communities as well. And also our own employees in tree planting actions, if there's trees that need to be planted, and so on. So in the quarries, we're partly obliged, but partly, we try to do more than what we need to. But the biodiversity program that we started in 21 goes specifically on our production sites. And there, we have no legal obligation whatsoever. So that is completely voluntary. Again, side note, if we want a new extension, if we want to pave an area or something like that, sometimes we have to do these obligatory plantings of trees if we have to cut something down or something. But in general, whatever we're doing with the biodiversity program, there is no legal aspect to it. It is something that is completely voluntary. Also there, we include as much as possible the local management, the local people there. And that is one - of the most exciting things in this project is that the local - people want to be involved as much as possible. And that was - in the beginning a surprise to us. Because now all of a sudden, these people had a platform where they could have their ideas to make actually the workplace also a nicer environment, better environment for them to go to work with. And it has created this community over the whole, over the whole company, where people from different countries, from different locations within the same country, are actually coming together, sharing photos, sharing experiences. So that was a nice add on that we did not expect to be that, that big actually. Um, [Interviewee #2], I think that's it, like legally talking, obliged talking. 

3) Yes. I think it's also important to mention that we are mostly involved then with the voluntary actions for biodiversity. So all of the legal parts that we are obliged to do for the quarries, we are not really directly involved with them. Like [Interviewee #1] said, we don't have also much of a say on what is going to be the final end use. And all of this process of renaturation then is - done, not by us. But yes, we are also aware of that, but we are not responsible for that. 

1) So great, this will then be a huge variety of projects we can talk about. In a nutshell, what is the reason and the motive [firm] does these voluntary projects? 

2) Um, I'm going to mention again, the basis that we have of this long history in the quarries where [firm] wants to incorporate nature as much as possible. In Belgium, it's actually one of your stakeholders is nature. So that was the long history and the base of what we used actually for the program. But more specifically, or more practically, we had a survey done in 2020. Yes. Where there were architects, clients, other value chain members, a whole diverse group of stakeholders, and shareholders. And we asked them, what are your, what are the future topics that we need to take care of that we need to include in to be able to have your full support going forward. And there were three topics that came out. First one was, of course, decarbonisation, the usual, which had been going on, of course, for a long time already as well. Not as long as the renaturing from the quarries, I must say. And then second and third, which were actually kind of weighed similarly, was circularity and biodiversity. So there was also, as well as an internal push, there was also an external push for us to do something for biodiversity. And when we started in 21, there was no, well, there is still no one rule on how to do it, what to do or where to start. So we just said, okay, let's make it a program that is as practical as possible, as efficient as possible. But of course, still maintaining ecological values within the project. And that's why we started contacting universities to get a more academic view on it. But in the end, we partnered up with a company in the Netherlands that had a really practical way of how we could make sure that we implement biodiversity on every production site, while still maintaining production and safety, taking care of the surroundings, involving local people, and making it something adaptable to all ecological regions. So we tried it out in the Netherlands, Belgium and Poland, we saw that it was working pretty good. We then also discovered that with the GIS system that we that we used, it's, it's a really easy, efficient, nicely looking as well, because it needs to be simple and overviewable, if that is a word, where we, where we can make an action plan for all our locations in the diverse regions that we have. So I think that was the start, then we, the second part that came up, and that's why [Interviewee #2] first started as well. We have other areas where we have an influence on, which are first the quarries where we have the long history. But then also we have other property lands that are because of history because of swaps because of I don't know what we have in our property. And they're now rented out to farmers, there is houses standing on them, I mean, which is it's really extensive, actually. And sometimes they're quarry reserves as well, for example, that we just plots that we hold on to for future for future businesses. But also those plots, we're trying to get them in some sort of easy, practical way of how can we involve them in biodiversity still maintaining production safety, the future of our business as well. So yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's a big evolution that happens on the inside and on the outside, it's going really fast, it's vastly evolving. But with what we started, we saw that it's easily adaptable, if I call it like that system that we can use, if changes are coming, if they need something else from the system, if other departments need to add information. So it was not only for biodiversity, a good system that we created for a lot of other purposes as well, that we are now trying to explore. 

1) Okay, thank you. And I feel a bit ashamed that I have to ask this, but quarry is another word for your sourcing grounds? 

2) Yes. In general, we have [product] mines. I don't know what the correct term is, or what the difference is between all of the terms. But we only have above ground extraction areas. I think - that's that's the official word for them. Yeah. 

1) Yeah, thanks for explaining. And would you then say that your supply chains, the availability of your sourcing and extraction grounds is dependent on biodiversity and ecosystems? Yeah, why so? 

2) Yes, I think in in the most essential way of if there is no nature or not biodiversity due to pollution or whatever it is, we cannot use our [product]. We cannot. This is a lot of economical value to do so. So of course, if the area is well maintained, it's not the best word I'm using. But if the area is ecologically balanced, then we know we have a good resource in the soil. Also, we're dependent on on weather, in a sense that if there's too much water, we cannot extract the [product]. Dry, or temperature is also an issue, because the [product] needs to have a certain level of moist. And of course, if the moist in the soil is already there, then we don't need to add water in the process or extract water in the process if it's too, too wet, for example. So those are the most direct impacts on our primary resource. If we're talking about the [product], because we also have other groups of, we have, we have in-house supplies as well. And we also have a digital aspect or digital annex in the [firm] - as well. 

1) Okay, thank you. Coming to the, you mentioned stakeholders already, and I read about your nature positivity claim and approach to what are the main stakeholders you report to about your biodiversity engagement? 

2) At the moment, it's our investors. And they're also asking for a lot of data, of course. I must say they still focus a lot on decarbonisation and circularities now coming up as a bigger topic. Biodiversity is added value at the moment. But there is no practical value that they're asking or requiring from us. A stupid example, maybe. I heard from another department that there was a meeting with investors. I don't know who so there's no name calling or whatever. But we mentioned that we make products to supply water. And the fact that we had products that had something to do with water was for them a really biodiversity value. But for us, this is nothing to do with biodiversity value. It's the circularity or the products where they're made. That has to do with biodiversity, but the fact that we can, that we make products that store water that has nothing to do with the biodiversity value. Just to give you an example on how some investors are still thinking or maybe behind in the sense of what is biodiversity. And then of course, other stakeholders or our clients that are asking about more ESG standards instead of asking only for the price in the current in the current markets. So there is maybe like a, no, it's not legal compliance. It's more of a pressure as well from outside that we need to go be more transparent on data and on what the cradle to cradle and stuff like that. All of that those those certificates are. 

1) Okay, interesting. So in my interviews and in the literature, I found already examples of investors, but also financial institutions and banks that provided cheaper refinancing to companies that actively restore habitats and engage for biodiversity. And I know - you're not from the finance department, but are you aware of any effect on this for [firm]? 

2) I don't think so. Maybe [Interviewee #2] can can add on something. 

3) I don't think so. Because I mean, we have, of course, all of these ratings that we have for ESG, they help a lot with the financing. So the reporting on financing requirements that we have, but we are not aware of any direct. What is the word benefit from getting cheaper things because of our biodiversity project, it's very hard to, to put it outside because all of these ratings and prizes, I don't know the right word that we receive. They are from our ESG project and sustainability program. And that's a very robust program. So it's hard to pinpoint exactly, okay, maybe biodiversity is a reason or not. But like [Interviewee #1] said, the focus is mostly on decarbonisation and direct climate action. But of course, because biodiversity is within the program, it adds a value to it. But I would say that the focus is really on climate action for the moment, at least. 

1) Yes, I understand. But do you think this is a likely scenario in the near term future? 

2) Yes. And I don't know in the how near future, but I think it's, it's, as I mentioned before, it's so fast evolving. And to give an example, because [Interviewee #2] and myself and the rest of the team, we live in this bubble of biodiversity is important that we need to do everything. And so we follow a lot of webinars, and we go to a lot of groups where these topics are discussed where we know it's important. So we know there's a whole group of investors, and financial institutions that are pushing this topic as well. But when you go outside of this bubble, it's still not going as fast as how we are feeling it. If you focus on the biodiversity part. So it will come in the future. And I think it's coming faster than for example, what the carbon credits, for example, because that lasted a long time before they actually came up with with the decarbonisation rules and whatever, biodiversity is going much faster. And that's maybe also, on the one hand, it's a good thing, because we need to take action now. But on the other hand, it's it's some of the standards are now asking for data where we we have the data, we provide the data, but then we think what does this have to do with biodiversity? It's not because it mentions something like a tree that you actually have done something good for biodiversity. So it's, the fast approach is good, because we need to do something, but it also has this negative issues connected with it. So yeah, to answer your question, yes, we see there's a pressure coming, but how near or how fast most of the world, let's say will follow is, is, yeah, is a question that we of course cannot answer. 

3) Yeah, and I think that CSRD and ESRS are for sure a sign that this is coming. And the fact that there's a whole standard for biodiversity ecosystems already shows that, but like [Interviewee #1] said, it's also unclear, okay, we disclose the data and information, but how will it be analysed? And how will it be used and by investors and the finance sector? That's another story. But for sure, it is coming. 

1) Yeah, sure. I also know that there's a bit big question mark about that when we look into a new term future. But the contribution of my research should also be to collect insiders opinions and attitudes on that. And you've already anticipated my the upcoming topic I'd like to talk about with you, which is the CSRD and the ESRS standards. Do you think - so I assume that you report about your biodiversity engagement under the ESRS? But do you think the CSRD this directive is going to facilitate your reporting about your approach? Or is it worsening? 

2) It's definitely not worse. On some topics, it requires a lot of work from us. In a sense that we have more than 200 projects, we have more than 200 production sites, gathering is also because we have different countries, different standards, different politics that go behind certain certificates in specific locations in specific countries. The good thing with the ESRS is or CSRD or any of the other reporting, it makes you think about the impact, your dependencies, your risks, your opportunities, everything that has to do with biodiversity. And we know we have a frontrunner program with doing this on production locations and fostering urban biodiversity. But there's still other things related to biodiversity that we have not put in the program. So it makes us think as well, on how can we largen our policy to different aspects of our company as well. And it's good for other companies as well to start to think about their everything that has to do with ecosystems and biodiversity specifically. So in on a lot of data points, it's a really good thinking process. It helps us, it makes us gather data, so it gives us work, which we don't like, of course, but this is a bad joke, by the way, so don't make me come out as a bad person, or a lazy person or whatever. On the other hand, as I mentioned before, there are some data points where we don't see the use of biodiversity, the thinking process of other companies that need to start the journey to begin with. So yeah, it has positive, it has negative things. It's good that it's there. And it's good that there is a start. And you all need to start somewhere. We started to do something, we're trying to adapt it to, to the different reporting systems. What we learned so far as well, and this is why it might be worth mentioning, we set up the biodiversity program in 2001. We did it to the UK, and we saw that the system that they have there with the biodiversity net gain, that it's really similar to what we are doing. They're going much more in detail than what we are doing on a broader level in the whole company. But actually, the system that we're using blends really well in already other reporting systems that are more country specific, for example. And history also learned us that what happens in the UK and in other countries, slowly gets to Europe as well. But then yeah, of course, Europe is much bigger. So they need to get everybody on board. And that's why we also started in Belgium and the Netherlands, who are more frontrunners than like, let's say Poland. Don't mention this in the article, please. But you see still a difference in like, Europe is one big region, but there's inside of Europe, there's still differences. Yeah, which doesn't make it easy for the reporting for such a big company as we are. But it's good that the reporting standards are there. Yeah. 

1) Yeah. 

3) Yeah, I think you mentioned everything. 

1) No, super interesting. Maybe let's have a quick look from the CSRD to the European Union's taxonomy. I'm also not sure how familiar you are with the taxonomy, but the idea is somehow the same companies need to disclose what they do what they invest, for example, also for biodiversity under the taxonomy's objective number six. Is this like, do you actively work with the taxonomy? Or is another department involved with it? 

2) We're involved as biodiversity for the do no significant harm criteria within the taxonomy. And that goes more specifically to our extraction site or quarries, since they have these permits where it's specifically mentioned. But the more detail about climate change and adaptations and stuff like that we're not involved directly. The rest of our team is the rest of the sustainability team is of course, involved in those processes. And it's a really big topic within the company. And for biodiversity, it's the do no significant harm criteria. And also a little related is the water content there from the taxonomy report that we're also looking for in the permits, if there is some mention, asking specifically per site, if they have mitigation measures, what they do. So stuff like that we're involved with. But it's it's more on a on a higher sustainability level that it's still working on at the moment. 

1) Yes, I understand. However, from your understanding when it comes to taxonomy, but also CSRD, we see that companies now need to disclose what they do for or against biodiversity. And if - they can claim this activity as a so called substantial contribution, or basically a sustainable, and this increase in disclosure obligations, the European Union is now putting on companies, do you think that [firm] with these frameworks to fulfill will look better than before? 

2) That's a really good question. On the one hand, yes. Because we have the long history, because we started taking actions without being legally obliged. So we have already policies and indicators in place. The social aspect is also something that we know is really well received in the outside world. We have the so called ambassadors, biodiversity ambassadors. On the other hand, because we're still a production company, there are negative effects that we have, we have impacts, we have risks. Sorry, we have dependencies. So if you would look at only some of the data points, we would come out really bad. So it's important to take into account the mitigation measures, the adaptation that we do, minimize the impact we have, while still being able to maintain the shape, in a global world. And that's already started. Basically that since we already have started on something to do with biodiversity, we have an advantage of filling in certain data points. We don't have to start from scratch anymore. That what we're doing is practical and efficient and involves a lot of our social aspects as well, which has been really well received, is also a plus for us to be able to report on that and have, let's call it a legal aspect, valuing the work that we're doing. Those are the plus points. But then on the other hand, we have the negative points that if you look at only one data point, you will see a negative impact. If you don't look at all the rest of the actions that we're trying to, that we're trying to do to minimize them, while still maintaining a protection and safety context from a business part. And I don't know if you heard, I made the stupid reference of, in an ideal world, we're all living in a tree house. Nature is everywhere. But that's not the truth. People need to have a house with bricks, with plastic pipes with all the appliances in it. But we can help nature still in a way that there's a good balance between economy, the people-planet-profit situation that we live in at the moment. So yeah. 

1) Okay, thank you. We're getting close to the 45 minutes I requested from you for the interview. But there's one topic I haven't mentioned yet. And we'd like to ask you about the corporate brand value from [firm] and its association with biodiversity. And this is also why I asked if you report on your engagement towards stakeholders. My question then would be, do you receive feedback on your nature positivity approach on your biodiversity engagement from stakeholders such as clients or also B2C customers? And how is the feedback then? 

2) The one general feedback is there is a pressure coming from the outside world on more ESG topics. It's not any more about only price and the product quality. ESG is playing such an important role. I lost my train of thought. [Interviewee #2], go ahead. 

1) I guess I'll rephrase the question in with the words, if there's any marketing advantage from what you do? 

2) Yes, of course. One, marketing to get more employees, offering them a job opportunity within a company that not only is focused on production, but also on the whole ESG story. So I think - including biodiversity and ecosystems. That's the mental aspect, but you also have the aspect that with the biodiversity program, we're making the workplace physically a better place to give them an outside lunch spots, more trees, more green, instead of the classical, grey paved concrete production sites. And we give them a say in the program as well, which is for some of the employees, of course, not all of them, which gives them a value outside of their work that they that they do on product making. It's also an added value for HR because they can attract new employees with our strategy. And then of course, for clients, clients are starting to look for more sustainable companies. They have to because also their financial investors are pushing for more sustainability. So of course, this is, it's not the reason why we're doing it. But it's a nice added bonus that the whole external world is trying to push for more ESG. But as we mentioned before, biodiversity is still not the bigger topic there at the moment. 

3) I may add something? I just wanted to add regarding the branding aspect also that the nature positivity that the line of products for the eco habitats is also very important. And it really shows a direct commitment of [firm] products to biodiversity. So I don't know if you've seen bee bricks or pet boxes and so on. So that's also a very direct commitment that we have with biodiversity. And that of course helps in our branding strategy. 

1) Yeah, so you're very, very broad and interesting approaches. Close to final question. So if it's not the brand value, you engage for biodiversity, what is then the dominating reason you do so? 

2) Difficult to put that in one phrase. I think it's more the history of the company. In the beginning, a [product] quarry was inside the nature area, and the factory was immediately next to it. So transport would be directly from the [product]. Long history of being surrounded by nature being having to work with nature in that regard is that has stayed within the core of the whole of the whole company. Or at least that's that's how I feel it as well. Because when I started in, I think it was 2016 already, for [firm], Belgium, that was one of the things that spoke to me like, it's not just about pouring the [product], it's about doing this in a sustainable matter. And the fact that nature is your neighbour, there is something that is so in the core values, and in the history that we were not able to get it out, I think. And yeah, we noticed this as well in the enthusiasms from the local people. And I think it has the same thing to do with this history, this being surrounded the nature that these people are so enthusiastic. And it goes from management level to lower management level, to actually the people working on the on the products themselves, like doing the [product] preparation, qualifying or measuring the quality of the products in the laboratories and stuff like that. All those people are helping in the project. And that's something that we did not expect. But in the end, it's a logical effect or consequence of the core values that are still there, although we were not laying them out specifically. I don't know if [Interviewee #2] has some other feeling there. But yeah, that's how I perceived it from the beginning, actually. 

1) I don't know. Do you want to add anything, [Interviewee #2]? 

3) No, I have the same perception that [Interviewee #1] has in this regard. And I think also, people really take pride on this. If you see, also with the Biodiversity Project, it's always a project that involves a lot of people. So whenever we have to make a presentation within the company or even outside, people are very enthusiastic about that. And I think that also is a motivation for us as well. So with all the history that [Interviewee #1] mentioned, looking back and looking, for example, here at the headquarters, we have the [firm] Park that used to be a [product] pit, of course, many decades ago. But when you see that this is now a nice park with a lake and there's such added value to the community around, you really see that this really brings some sort of pride to people to say, okay, that's, of course, a result from all the efforts and so on. So I think that's also one of the motivations that makes us do this and keep doing it. And of course, strive for even more actions. 

2) And of course, we want to have a front runner position in regards to our colleagues. I don't know if that's a word actually in English, but like "concurrent", no, what's the word? Competitors colleagues type of companies. We want to be before everybody to still have our number one position. Yeah. Biodiversity has been one of those things that actually has given us this, this good name or good value that we're not only doing this because we have to, but because we want to. And that's becoming more and more important to everybody outside as well. Yeah. 

1) Okay, last quick question. So during my research, I found a couple of terms that describe corporate biodiversity and ecosystem engagement. First of them is philanthropy. And I'd like to ask you if philanthropy as a term fits [firm] engagement. 

2) How do you mean this specifically? 

1) So philanthropy actually comes from an intrinsic motivation of a company or a company owner to engage for a specific topic, but actually without talking too much about it. You think that fits to your engagement? 

2) Yeah, I think, because of what we noticed, with employees being so enthusiastic. And actually, everybody is on board with this project. When we started this, this was, of course, another program that came from the top level headquarters that needed to be implemented in all the different countries in all the different production sites in all the different regions. And and so the we were thinking, okay, it's again, change management, it's going to take a long time to be able to do this to involve the people. And it's completely the opposite. From the beginning, when we explained the project, it went from top management to all the way down to the production floor, so fast and so enthusiastically that we did not even imagine it. And I think that's exactly the definition or close to the definition of what you're mentioning. Without us saying that you have to do this. People wanted to do it. Yeah. 

1) Yeah, there may be three more terms and you are...

2) Sorry, sorry. 

1) Then I'd have three more. 

2) No, I just said that it makes... 

1) I'm quiet. 

2) Go ahead. 

1) Okay, three more terms I've found. And maybe you can just pick one that you feel would fit the engagement, impact investing, corporate environmentalism and corporate citizenship. Anything familiar to you? 

2) Say them again. Yeah. 

1) All right. Impact investing. So impact investing basically - basically includes a financial - financial perspective, or you include the financial perspective, but you want to have positive side benefits, for - example, of social or ecological nature. Corporate environmentalism is a company that engages in corporate challenges, be it social or ecological, and corporate environmentalism, then is a company that is actively engaged actually in ecological topics. 

2) I've never heard the terms like that before. 

1) I know they're a bit random, but what I want to Yeah. 

2) I think in a in a way, all three of them apply. There is, of course, always a financial aspect to what we're doing. And sometimes we also tell them like, okay, being the economy as it is for a company as well. We don't have a huge budget to put into this project. But you can start with a small thing, just stop moving grass. So we always also look at financial investment and benefits coming from it. Now, it's not only the profits that we benefit, it's the biodiversity value that we benefit together with the social aspects that is related to it. So it's so it's not only the financial aspect, although it's there. As I mentioned that there is the pressure from outside, meaning that as a company, we have to engage with it as well. If you want to stay in business. Although we started already, we're doing something. Of course, there is the pressure from outside that is pushing you to go as fast as you can in a way that still makes sense, especially for biodiversity, because you can do a lot of things. But if you don't take the ecology around it into account, then you're making it worse, actually, like creating these islands, which is also not the meaning. And as I mentioned before, there is, of course, we want to stay the frontrunner business. So it's also a sort of competition between different companies. But on the other hands, because we're doing the program as well on our production sites, we need to include our neighbors. And often those are other industries, sometimes the same industries in the same industrial plot. We need to take them on board because we're creating ecological or we're creating habitats, but if you don't connect them to your surroundings, you're still you create these islands that are actually bad for biodiversity. It's involving communities surrounding, which can be just citizens of your municipality. It can be schools so that they don't only see a big factory standing there, but that they know what our values is, what our passions are, and what we're trying to do, while still maintaining production and, and involving biodiversity and nature as much as possible there as well. So I think all three terms can apply to what we're doing, without stating those three reasons as the reason that we're doing this. Yeah. 

1) Thank you. Thank you very much. So I have no more questions. And you gave me lots of insights and interesting perspectives I can yeah, definitely include in my thesis. The - we we've made 15 more minutes, and I hope I do not stress you now for whatever comes. So thank you again. In the end, I'd briefly like to give you the opportunity to ask any questions that you might have or to mention anything that we can dive deeper into. Is there anything left? 

2) Which other companies are you doing the interviews with if you can disclose that? 

1) Yeah, I won't disclose company names, but I look in different company sectors. So in different economic sectors. So I've talked to two automotive companies, one fruit and vegetable producer, I look at companies in Germany and Austria, by the way, then consumer product producers. You're actually the only company from the construction sector, as I call it. I'm having an interview. And apart from that, yeah, basically, I try to - to have a broad variety of companies I talked to, and they have very different attitudes to the topic of biodiversity for sure. So I see that now you for example, including the fruit and vegetable producer, they have a whole different relationship to this supply chain idea and the involvement of of nature as a stakeholder, as you said it very nicely, by the way, the others are more disentangled from nature. So they have different relations and attitudes towards biodiversity. But yeah, if you want, I can provide you with my thesis after the submission, which will be around February. And then you have a broader overview. And also, I need some time to get together all the results in a in a fashionable way. 

2) Of course, of course, no, we would be more interested to read about the investigation that you did. And something that came up now, while you were talking about an agricultural company, let's call it that if it's food. And so they're also more connected to nature, because they need to be their primary resources there within the nature as the neighbour. But even there, a quarry is a really long term engagement that we have. So it's not something that every year changes. So there is a part of a quarry where we're not doing something about extraction, which is there because we need to get on with the quarry more to one side. I'm hoping I'm explaining myself well here. But that part is left alone. And even so, even during our extraction activity, we can still take into account that that part can be used for nature, because there's a lot of species that are pioneer species and that need this really barren soil, this really steep walls, for example, for this, this these swallows that are specifically nesting in there. So before, during and after extraction, we take nature into account there as well, which gives us a benefit as well in comparison to the to the food sector, where they have to constantly change, they need to use pesticides, let's say, we don't have to do that we can adapt or choose the periods when we work to avoid doing this during the breeding season and stuff like that. So that's also an example from a mitigation measure that we use to be able to still have our production and do do or parts for biodiversity. So it would be really interesting to see like the different ways other companies react on your question and how they try to involve nature in their day to day activities, especially because we live in this bubble, or [Interviewee #2] and myself at least, because we're so involved with, with biodiversity and the community that surrounds it, that we forget a little bit that the external world is not the same or does not think the way we do. So I think your your thesis could be a really broadening document for us as well. 

1) No, sure. Yes. 

3) Can I just ask, so the companies that you approached, you approach companies that already are working on the topic, or because you said they have a different perspective, or there was not a requirement, or just any company that was not related to biodiversity. 

1) Yeah, indeed, my my my data sample is highly biased, as I only talk to companies that do biodiversity and ecosystem projects voluntarily. So they all have achieved measures like you did not in [product] mines, for sure. But for example, they, they redesigned their company sites, made them more natural installed flower meadows, deadwoods, also gave financial support to afforestation projects, for example, or engaged in specific restoration and renovation projects of rare habitats. So there's a wide variety of measures they took, actually. And even though I can already feedback that none of them had such a holistic approach to biodiversity as you present on your website. So they do minor, yes, really, they do they do minor things, I call it like, have a flower meadow in front of the company's building, which normally they, they then have more projects, but this project itself, we, I say, we probably know that it's just a very minor step towards biodiversity positivity. But all of these companies really regard biodiversity as an important topic, and said that they want to more engage more with it and implement even more- projects. So, yeah, I became hopeful while doing the interviews. 

3) Nice. Thank you very much. 

2) Yeah, you need to start somewhere, even if it's yes. No, I was just saying that you need to start somewhere as a company, even if it's with just one flower meadow in front of your biggest office to have as a showcase, but with the new reporting, it's going to evolve and people or companies will need to think about it, then that's the first step. And I'm just - that we're already thinking about it and not just starting to think about it at this moment. 

1) Yeah. So I tried to talk to frontrunner companies, and I hope then you will adapt to more companies. Let's hope for that. 

2) Perfect. Yes. 

1) It'll work. Thank you. And I wish you a relaxing rest of the week before the holiday season starts. I'm very thankful again for this appointment and that you gave me so much time and insights on your approach. And I'll provide you with a quick follow up mail and then you're going to read are going to have the opportunity to read my thesis in the beginning of next year. 

2) Perfect.

3) Great. Thanks a lot for the opportunity as well. And yeah, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. 

1) Yes, indeed. Thank you. And likewise. Then have a good afternoon. 

2) You too. 

3) Bye.
